{
 "cells": [
  {
   "cell_type": "markdown",
   "metadata": {},
   "source": [
    "---\n",
    "toc: true\n",
    "comments: true\n",
    "layout: post\n",
    "title: Big Idea 2 (Passion Project)\n",
    "description: A plan to code ChatGPT so it can talk in Shakespearean English.\n",
    "type: tangibles\n",
    "courses: {compsci: {week: 7}}\n",
    "---\n"
   ]
  },
  {
   "cell_type": "markdown",
   "metadata": {},
   "source": [
    "### ChatGPT in Shakespearean English\n",
    "\n",
    "The regular English we speak when talking to each other is a casual form of language. But we are looking for a formal version and ChatGPT in Shakespearean English is exactly that. "
   ]
  },
  {
   "cell_type": "markdown",
   "metadata": {},
   "source": [
    "### Characteristics of Shakespearean English\n",
    "\n",
    "1. Different pronouns were used such as thou and thee instead of you and me.\n",
    "2. The vocabulary is unique. \n",
    "3. British English is spelled differently from American English.\n",
    "4. Idioms aren't used much today. \"Mum's the word.\" \"Brevity is the soul of wit\" \"The world's your oyster\"\n",
    "5. Shakespeare used lots of metaphors. Examples include, \"All the world's a stage\" \"But soft! What light through yonder window breaks?\" \"The slings and arrows of outrageous fortune\" "
   ]
  },
  {
   "cell_type": "code",
   "execution_count": 7,
   "metadata": {},
   "outputs": [],
   "source": [
    "\n",
    "from IPython.display import Image, display\n",
    "from pathlib import Path  # https://medium.com/@ageitgey/python-3-quick-tip-the-easy-way-to-deal-with-file-paths-on-windows-mac-and-linux-11a072b58d5f\n",
    "\n",
    "# prepares a series of images\n",
    "def image_data(path=Path(\"images/\"), images=None):  # path of static images is defaulted\n",
    "    if images is None:  # default image\n",
    "        images = [\n",
    "            {'source': \"Peter Carolin\", 'label': \"Clouds Impression\", 'file': \"clouds-impression.png\"},\n",
    "            {'source': \"Peter Carolin\", 'label': \"Lassen Volcano\", 'file': \"lassen-volcano.jpg\"}\n",
    "        ]"
   ]
  }
 ],
 "metadata": {
  "kernelspec": {
   "display_name": "Python 3",
   "language": "python",
   "name": "python3"
  },
  "language_info": {
   "codemirror_mode": {
    "name": "ipython",
    "version": 3
   },
   "file_extension": ".py",
   "mimetype": "text/x-python",
   "name": "python",
   "nbconvert_exporter": "python",
   "pygments_lexer": "ipython3",
   "version": "3.10.12"
  },
  "orig_nbformat": 4
 },
 "nbformat": 4,
 "nbformat_minor": 2
}
